Haley Kerby
Student-Journalist, MMJ/Reporter
haleymkerby@gmail.com 
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/haley-kerby/ 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/HaleyyKerby 
GitHub: https://github.com/haleyykerby 
I am a student reporter at the University of Maryland, planning to graduate in May. After graduation, I hope to become an on-air breaking news reporter in a local market. I have real world experience as a multimedia journalist and reporter as part of the Capital News Service Bureau at the Philip Merrill College of Journalism. 

Experience:
MMJ/Reporter
Capital News Service
August 2022-December 2023
Deadline and live shot reporter in the Washington, D.C. DMA. Hard news, features. Enterprise stories and shoot, report, edit on deadline for live evening newscast. 
 
Multimedia Reporter
The Diamondback
August 2022 - Present
Find and pitch stories within and around the University’s community. Shoot, edit, and finalize original stories for publication on multiple platforms twice a month. Work and complete stories on strict a deadline 
 
Copy Editor
HER Campus
August 2022 - Present
Fact check stories for weekly publications. Check for cohesion and AP Style writing for weekly publications. Work on a strict deadline completing second and third reads weekly, for authors publication to be met on time 
 
Teaching Assistant
University of Maryland, Philip Merrill College of Journalism
January 2023 - Present
Assist professor in grading, teaching lessons, and organization on a weekly basis for a 16-week semester. 

General Assignment Reporter
Greenbelt News Review, Greenbelt MD
January 2022 - May 2022
Copy edit 2-5 stories for weekly newspaper editions. Find and pitch local stories for incoming assignments weekly. Assigned weekly stories within the Greenbelt area where reporting or investigating is necessary. Write short articles on a tight deadline, story assigned Saturday, deadline is Monday. 
 
Education:				 							
University of Maryland, Philip Merrill College of Journalism, College Park Expected May 2023 
Bachelor of Arts in Journalism: Multiplatform, focus in Government and Politics, Cumulative GPA: 3.42 

Skills:					
SONY nxcam avchd/Tripod 						
Microphones including XLR lavalier, wireless lavalier, and handheld			
LiveU Video Transmission and Streaming					
Adobe Creative Cloud including: Premiere Pro, Photoshop, Audition, etc		
American Sign Language						
Spanish (Intermediate)  				
